docs: update HACKING.md, remove references to local qemu (#15498)
canonical/snapd: HACKING.md

    $ NO_REBUILD=1 ./run-spread <spread-args>

#### Running spread without a cloud account

You can run most of the tests locally, using the `garden` backend. For example,
to run integration tests for Ubuntu 18.04 LTS 64-bit, invoke spread as follows:

    $ ./run-spread -v garden:ubuntu-18.04-64

> Look at the `spread.yaml` file for a list of systems that are supported by
> the garden backend.

The `garden` backend automatically downloads and initializes each base system.
During testing additional scratch space is used to hold ephemeral chances to
the disk image. This may require significant amount of space in `/tmp` so if
your system uses `tmpfs` in `/tmp` you may want look at available free space.

> This is especially affecting the snap version of `image-garden`, as snap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This especially affects the snap version of `image-garden`, as snap
```
